Music
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Harmontown is now in session.
I'm Jeff Davis, Comptroller. Would you please put your hands together for the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Yeah. Thank you.
Welcome to church. This place is gorgeous. This is a great theater. It's really, it's very, very weird here tonight.
If you know me, then you're here. If you know me and you live in Pittsburgh, you're here.
If you know me, then you know that I'm very, almost annoyingly obsessive about story structure and in relation even to my own physical activity,
the course of my life and the course of my evenings and often doing obnoxious things like pointing out that we've reached the goddess point in this conversation
or something stupid, a little, little, little, little, little, candle, candle flashing.
But this tour, I mean, we knew when we set out, like, okay, come on, this is going to be a story.
Like every physical process you do, if you plant a potato and then dig it up and then eat it and poop it out, you're telling a story.
And also, if you zoom in on the process of digging up the potato, there's a story there.
And if you zoom in on the process of the first shovel dig, whatever individual shovel dig is called, is that a scooch?
A splorch.
Okay. You can buy in the lobby, Jeff's the new book of Sniglet's.
That's the words that you didn't know existed.
So, guys, we've embarked on this tour. We're almost, if not exactly, depending on where you define where the thresholds across the beginnings,
which shows you can't, which ones you don't.
We're right about smack in the middle. We're at the World Naval here.
We are meeting with the goddess here tonight in Pittsburgh in this church.
And I don't make the decision for these things to happen.
I woke up this morning, like, I don't want to panic you. It's going to be a great show.
I woke up this morning depleted.
I don't even know. We've been having a great time.
It was just like, weird things that happen.
When you sleep on a bus, I didn't even know this was a thing.
Your inner ear, I think, gets accustomed to the velocity.
Like what you used to call sitting still is now getting adapted into 70 miles an hour.
Especially if you're sleeping during it.
We have these little bunks on the bus.
I was in the hotel room this morning, and I swear the entire hotel was driving down the street.
These waves of vertigo, because my inner ear is being ricocheted back and forth, blah, blah, blah.
All kinds of physical reasons why we're meeting with the goddess tonight.
Like, I have been broken down as your hero.
Somebody went...
And that was the straw that broke me down as your hero.
Is that guy going... I have been broken down physically.
We were achieving weightlessness here tonight.
The steps beyond us are going to be painful and weird and awesome.
They're going to involve God overtaking us.
I don't know if that happens here in this church, Jeff.
I think they have...
Was it a church?
Wasn't it?
What was this place?
A public theater.
A public theater. It was never a church.
Oh, fuck it. Never mind.
Let's just do some rapping.
No, no.
Everybody kept saying it's a church.
I guess they're just commenting on the way it looks.
It's not a church, yo. It's not a church, yo.
It's not sanctified. It's not glorified.
This ain't a pulpit, yo. This ain't a pulpit, yo.
I'm not chicken fried. I'm not chicken fried.
I don't have God behind me on an altar.
I just want to talk, but now I'm starting to falter.
I fucked your mama in the front and in the back.
I fucked your mama until she had a heart attack.
So you can sense I've been broken down.
It's amazing that people clap for that.
Yeah, it's magical.
Okay, so that brings me to the bigger topic here.
It's like, okay, we're halfway through this journey.
So we've been performing in all these different cities.
We're meeting all these Armenians.
All this stuff, if you listen to the show before we left,
Pat Noswell came out and warned us,
like this Ian McKellen figure going,
you have no idea what lies beyond,
and one does not simply walk into Phoenix.
He was coming from a comic standpoint
and also almost a pre-podcast standpoint kind of.
What we have is the same people from city to city.
I meet you guys after the shows.
I sign stuff. I shake your hands.
I interact with you. I cosmically intermingle.
And you're all, not in a bad way.
You're all the same.
We have achieved, we have data back.
The results are in.
We know what a Armenian is.
A Armenian is a loving nerd.
We have a definition now.
That was one of the many things that...
So we've met with a goddess in that sense.
I know who you guys are.
I know that if you're being completely silent,
I'm not necessarily failing.
If you are, fuck you.
I know that you'll give me time to get around to my point.
I know that I don't have to pull out a rubber chicken.
I know who you guys are,
and I know where we stand with each other.
But yet we don't know who these particular...
Every audience I do, Jeff.
This is a steel driving town.
That's the only difference.
Steelers, baby.
Should we do a sports corner?
Dan Harmon Sports Corner.
He knows all about sports.
He's got a Pittsburgh Steeler.
Two-cut his hat.
He's about to tell you about the Steelers' chances
in the big game tomorrow.
Dan, what do you think about the Steelers this season?
Jeff, if I've said it again,
I'll say it a thousand times.
Yardage, yardage, yardage.
You've got Quintrow on the tight end,
and he's doing great,
but he needs to be paired with Hodgkins.
What do you think that the...
We talk about tight ends versus this.
What do you think the role of the tight end really is in an offense?
First and foremost, people don't agree with this.
It won't win me any popularity contests.
He's got to back up the linebacker.
He's got to be there for him,
and he's got to keep icing his knee.
He's got to be there to receive.
If the receiver fails,
he has to back up the linebacker.
When the quarterback throws those missiles,
as I call them, especially with the Steelers,
you've got Hodgkins on the quarterbacker.
Either you're icing your knee,
or you're catching that ball.
What's your opinion about the Steelers' secondary?
I think it's a bunch of trumped-up stuff.
I think it's ruined the game for the fans.
You think there should be no secondary?
I think it's a myth.
We're familiar with the first quarter in football.
We love the third quarter,
but there's four quarters to a game.
Why do you need to say secondary?
It's stupid. It's a foregone conclusion.
It's breaking into two halves.
Who do you like between the Falcons and the 49ers?
Schmiddi.
Schmiddi, okay.
Stomply.
The game was played today.
What do you take away from the Falcons at the 49ers?
I hate to sound like a broken record. Yardage.
You've got to keep that ball moving down the field.
Who did you favor going into tonight's game?
At the top of the game, I would have told you Scrinfrop.
No, I mean the team.
Falcons or Niners.
I thought under Scrinfrop's leadership as a coach
that they would have gone against the 49ers
and taken away the Golden Sieg.
You had the Falcons' favorite going in.
Falcons and Niners.
Definitely Niners.
You had the favorite going into the game.
How do you feel about the outcome?
I think the Steelers did poorly.
They certainly did.
They proved that games ago.
Anyways, Jeff, people put too much emphasis on that.
Dan Harmon, the Game Corner.
He loves sports.
I love sports. I love the Steelers.
I love sports because it's physical.
I'm very, very physical as a person.
You can tell from the sound of my voice.
Did you play a sport in school ever?
All of them. I couldn't take my hands off of them.
Dan, you can only play one.
Please, sir, please let me play more sports.
This is my kind of people.
I just want to judge myself by how far a fucking ball
I can hit with a stick or a club or my own hand.
Yes, I want to wrestle around in the dirt
and I want to feel bad if someone physically pins me down.
In addition to the actual pain of being physically pinned down,
I want to actually feel emotional pain.
I want to feel like I let my father down
by not being able to lift a brick.
What sport is that?
Pig skin.
It doesn't matter.
I was on a little league, or what do you call it?
They called it the Mighty Mites.
It was a YMCA basketball league.
It was called the Mighty Mites.
I was on this basketball team.
I had no idea how to play basketball.
I would just walk around the court.
No one ever threw me the ball.
It was like a Globetrotter's routine.
The way that they would beat the other team
with only four players on the court,
I would just walk around like a rodeo clown.
Everyone said, I would accidentally catch the ball
and then I would go, here we go.
And I'd do something with it.
Immediately.
And I would just cry on the way home.
Like, dad, why did you make me do this?
He's like, well, don't do it then.
I didn't ask you to do it.
Yeah, you did. No, I didn't.
Mighty Mite basketball.
You ever play baseball?
I mean, I had to in gym.
I remember one time I hit the ball.
I actually hit it and it went out into the thing.
And I ran and I rounded first and I rounded second.
And I was like, holy shit, how far did I hit this ball?
I rounded third.
I came all the way back to home.
I got a home run.
But Tim Kunkel, the catcher, was in tears.
I had thrown the bat.
Because I was so excited that I hit the ball,
I had whipped the bat over my shoulder
into his face or sternum or something.
He was in tears.
Like, they banned me from baseball.
Everyone was booing me.
I just did to this victory lap
after clubbing a kid.
So, the guy had caught the ball but he didn't throw it
because he was just like, holy fuck.
Yeah, no, the game ended.
I ended baseball that day.
It was over.
There's no more baseball.
Yeah, there's been a beating on the playground.
Was he wearing gear that he had a helmet on
and a chest pad or anything like that?
No, he's just a grade schooler.
He's just sitting there behind the plate.
He wasn't fucking nobody.
So you just maimed a fucker and then ran around
like a chair and he was crying.
And then he started hitting me with his glove
and no one stopped him because that was his right.
It's like, you know, you go to prison
and you're a pedophile.
The guards just let you get raped and murdered.
I had hit the kid with the bat
and he was a baseball player and I wasn't.
So they just beat me.
I don't like sports.
I enjoy watching them.
I like watching baseball as I kept explaining
to these people.
I enjoy watching you do this.
There's no internet yet.
I will watch you do this.
Can I just watch?
Isn't there...
In the world of sports,
isn't the role of spectator
like the most important?
Like if a tree falls on the forest
and no one gives a shit?
What's it called?
PNC Park? What's it called?
Most of it is seats.
Yeah, most of it is seats.
Very little of it is green.
Most of it is green.
It's mostly people watching.
Train us to get good at it.
Isn't that the whole point?
To have the government indoctrinate you
into patriotism using little secret flags
instead of your own countries?
Practice loving something other than your individuality
and the people that you know are human.
Tweet, he did something good with his body
and it's good because the flag won.
Oh, there's a flag.
Love the flag, flag, flag, flag.
Eat a hot dog. You're a fucking zombie.
You're children or zombies.
You've been, you've been
borg'd without even knowing it.
Just by enjoying the beautiful ballet
of talented people jumping around,
you have been inadvertently
hypnotized by the Pentagon.
I'm coming down a little too hard on them.
I want, I want to,
speaking of things that I'm bad at,
I want to do an experiment tonight.
I, I, I, I...
No, no, no, no.
Is there, is there anybody,
and this is just for, I'll explain in total
what it is I want to do,
and when people come up at Harmontown,
we don't, we're not setting you up to fail.
We don't bully you, but the,
someone who has like a
decent kind of
street joke, you know,
like the, you know, like, you know,
there was a guy and he went into a bar
and the duck had AIDS, that whole thing.
A joke joke. Yeah, like a joke that you've heard
in a big, fast aisle telling.
And I want someone to come up,
tell the joke, and that's, that's chapter one,
and then we're going to give it some time.
I want to give it, because I want to create, like,
a buffer there. Right.
I'll listen to the joke.
I want to, and then, and then later at some point
in the show, I'm going to try to tell the joke
as hard as I can. Which historically, you're terrible.
I'm a, I'm the worst joke teller in the world.
It's amazing, like, not just you, but Dino Stamatopoulos,
Jay Johnson, funny people, funny writers that I know,
cannot tell a joke.
I get caught up in the details, and I...
Yeah, I think when you tell a joke,
it's, it's, you feel like the audience
has been left behind, or that there's flaws
in the joke structure, and that need to be,
like, to be spackled.
And so you end up just completely destroying
what could really be a four-line joke.
You make it a giant monologue of sadness.
Yeah.
But it's not going to happen tonight.
I'm going to try, because the fun of it is
I'm going to try as hard as I can to not do that.
But the first step is first, we have to do it earlier
because then later I'll try to retell the joke.
Does anybody feel like they can tell a proper
to be the control group?
Do you want, like, a story joke? Like, not like a three-liner?
Not like a guy goes into bar, guy says this,
the guy says blah?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Kind of a story, yeah.
Like, the three things happen.
You come on up, sir.
What's your name, sir? Justin.
Justin's coming to the stage. Let's support him and love him.
MUSIC
Justin, everybody.
Alright, Justin, I'm Jeff. Nice to meet you, man.
Where are you from?
Originally, I'm from Binghamton, New York, but now I live in Pittsburgh.
Yeah? You enjoyed her?
I love it. I moved here with my wife, and she's from here,
so from the north side.
What do you do?
Actually, I own Improv Comedy Theater in Pittsburgh.
Alright, so this should be a pretty easy...
Yeah, we have a ringer.
That's good. That's exactly what we want.
I felt like when you started describing what you wanted to do,
I was like, I know exactly which one I want to tell, which is...
Do you know a lot of jokes?
I know a lot, but this is my grandmother's favorite one I've ever done.
Okay, good. Grandma's favorite. Fantastic.
Yeah, and I think it's in part because I have to do it with an Irish,
a bad Irish accent.
I love it.
Okay, so I am opening my buffers, and I'm going to receive this,
and I will tell this joke later, and I will be carried out on your shoulders.
Alright.
Okay, sorry.
So far, so good. Yes, so far.
I blinked for a second. I almost didn't realize all these people are looking at me.
Okay, so there's a guy in a pub, right?
And it's closing time.
Dan, don't make a drink. He's telling a joke.
Okay, alright, sorry.
So there's a guy in a pub, right?
And it's the closing time, and the bartender comes over.
What do they call it? They don't call it a bartender.
What do they call it? I can't remember.
The publican?
Right.
So the republican comes over.
It's not a republican, a publican.
Oh, it's a public house, but there's a name.
A bartender?
There's another name for it. It's like the...
What is it called?
Public house?
The what?
A waiter.
It's like the landlord, I guess, that's what they say.
Is your grandma here?
No.
She's no longer with us.
Do you want a drink, Justin? Do you want a vodka on the rocks?
I put this for you.
Okay.
Jeff was an asshole about me doing it.
No, I wanted you to listen. You were very nice.
I'm listening.
I'm listening, and by the way, so far this is not going as planned.
That's fine. That's fine.
That is also fine.
What I have done is I've brought another Dan Harmon up on stage.
Pretty much.
But that's fine. This could be...
We talk about it all the time. Actually, in college, my nickname was tangent boy.
Okay, so take us...
Okay, here we go. Sorry, let's start from the beginning.
So there's a guy in a pub, right?
And it's closing time, and the bartender comes over and says,
I'm sorry, you got to go. You got to go.
And the guy says, all right, I'll go. I'll go.
And he gets off the ball stool, and he falls flat on his face, right?
And the bartender says, oh, can I help you? Can I help you? No.
I'll be fine. I'll be fine.
If I just get outside, I'll be fine.
So he crawls outside.
And he gets up, and he falls flat on his face, right?
And everybody says, oh, can we help you? Can we help you?
I'll be fine. If I just get to me flat, I'll be fine.
So he crawls to his flat. It's only a couple of doors down, you know?
Crawls to his flat, stands up, falls flat on his face, right?
When he opens the door, and he falls flat on his face.
And he says, if I just get to me bed, he says to himself,
if I just get to me bed, I'll be fine.
So he crawls over to the bed, he stands up, falls flat on his face, falls right to sleep.
Next morning his wife wakes him up.
Come on, fucker, wake up, wake up.
And she says, well, I see you went to the pub last night.
He says, well, I had a few drinks,
but how did you know I went to the pub last night?
You left your wheelchair there again.
All right. Okay, good.
Justin, that's the control group for that.
That's the control. Very nice.
Thank you, Justin. I love it.
Yeah, what's your, I was just going to say, although now I hate you,
because you said it, but I wanted to be gracious and say, do you want to plug your improv?
I would like to. It's Steel City Improv Theater,
SteelCityImprov.com.
Oh, cool.
And actually this month we just moved to Shadyside,
so we have an awesome, bigger theater, so come on by and check it out.
We have classes, fun stuff. Okay, cool.
Thank you, Justin.
Justin, good luck with that, man.
All right, so just hit me later, like 10 minutes later.
Okay, let's move on.
I think I can nail that one. I think I'll, my new goal is,
I'm almost certain that you will not nail that job.
I will, I know.
What you're going to do, because there are details, there's beats to that,
and you're going to, first of all, timing will go out the window.
Timing will be the first casualty.
And then you're going to, you're going to add,
I will hold my predictions.
I'm going to say a couple other beats are added into it that are extraneous.
It is, which is tit called here in Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh invented the witch's tit.
This is from the official Wikipedia entry.
It's not as cold as Milwaukee and Minneapolis people,
they argue with each other.
I've noticed them from Milwaukee.
Every time you meet someone from Minneapolis,
you, the two, they all step right,
it's colder in Milwaukee, it's colder in Minneapolis.
That because they're the two coldest cities,
like including Windchill.
But Pittsburgh, here's my point.
Like, we are now, we're rounding this bend,
where we're getting closer and closer to, to the cold of my childhood.
There's different textures, different kinds of cold.
As I was explaining to my,
largely equatorial girlfriend, Navy kid Erin McGathy,
who spent, you know, went to high school in San Diego.
She's never, she was playing with snow,
like when we got to wherever it was,
there was the first snow on the ground.
She's like, do you want to touch it?
I'm like, we go way back.
She actually got, we're on the bus.
She's like, Jeff, have you ever seen snow before?
No, never saw it.
She was amazed by it.
She made a little tiny snowman, or Spencer did.
Anyways, as I was explaining to her,
like, there's cold, and then there's like,
there's a cold where you shiver,
because it's like cold under your body,
it's cold, your skin's cold.
Oh, little, little things are happening to my body,
because my skin's so cold.
And then there's the, the, the cold of the,
my soul is cold.
My feelings are cold.
I remember moving from Milwaukee to Los Angeles
the day before that happened where I made my final decision.
I was chiseling my car out of ice,
and I reached over to open the door,
and the metal hinge snapped off in my hand,
because not only, not only did God not intend humans
to live in that climate,
but Newton didn't design metal to...
That was Carnegie.
Yeah, and I remember just laughing at the sky
and going, I'm going to LA!
But anyways, it's starting, it's bringing back,
this is another reason why it's meeting with the goddess tonight,
is because it's reminding me of my childhood.
I'm bundled up, and I can't get warm enough.
I don't know if I have a fever, or chills,
or something's happening to me, Jeff.
Did you take the medicine I gave you?
Yes, I did.
Yeah, that'll do it for you.
Well, I don't know, man.
I don't know what's happening to me.
Meta.
Wait, it doesn't know us.
I want to do an experiment.
I want to tell you a story before...
Is it about a guy that goes into a bar?
No, I want to tell you something,
because I came out, I had tears in my eyes,
right before I came out,
because I was thinking about sharing a thing with you guys
that happened to us in...
Where the hell were we last? Jesus.
Arlington, thank you.
The ghost of the phantom of the non-church
called out from the rafters.
We're going to do Jesus Christ Superstar later.
There's these cool platforms.
Really, we could do a scene from Rents.
Has anybody ever been in Rents,
or possibly West Side Story?
We could do all kinds of shit here.
I'm going to see if I can cry on stage, Jeff.
I want to see if I can cry on the podcast.
Like drop a tear?
Because I haven't shared this yet,
because I keep telling people about it,
and then I start crying.
What do you mean as a party trick to actually make a tear
produce a tear for us?
You're saying, can you actually break down emotionally
and start crying?
Well, both. I mean, it's a party trick, isn't it?
Isn't that what emotions are?
Are you saying you want to prove to an audience
that you're capable, that you have that range,
that you could do that,
or that you want to prove that you're capable
of revealing yourself that way?
I want to see if it's possible, both.
I want to see if it happens.
Because I've told...
Our friendship, Eston, can cry,
can make a tear come out of his eye in 10 seconds,
but I'm never going to be able to do that.
But I just want to see if the lights and the microphone
and the idea that I'm doing a performance
and a podcast actually get in the way
of what keeps happening every time I tell a story to an individual.
What's the time limit on this?
Or is there no time limit?
Time limit?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Okay, is there no time limit?
Such a crass, coarse man.
No, I'm saying like...
I want to make it interesting.
Vulcan.
20 bucks says you can't cry in front of these people.
All right, well, so this guy...
Yeah, but that's making it into a game,
and when you hear the story, you're going to go,
oh, I'm an asshole for...
I just wanted to...
I'll take it back.
All right.
So we were in Arlington,
and we went to this bar,
and we were sitting there drinking,
and there was this guy sitting across the bar
that kept looking at us.
He was wearing a suit,
and Aaron said,
I think I recognize that guy from Twitter or something like that.
Is he a fan?
He keeps glancing over here.
At one point, Aaron got up to go to the bathroom,
and he came over,
and he handed me three napkins
with a letter written on them,
and said,
Mr. Harmon, I can't make the show tonight,
because it sold out faster than I could get a ticket,
and I wrote this letter for you thanking you.
I was hoping that if I drove out here,
I would be able to catch you
at some bar.
He had a good chance.
And I just wanted to give this to you
and thank you on the off chance that it was possible.
I can't get into the show.
I'm not asking for a ticket.
I just wanted to talk to you and thank you.
Three years ago,
my fiance, my girlfriend,
was killed by a drunk driver,
and I was devastated by it,
and then I saw a community,
and it made me really happy,
and I just wanted to thank you for it.
And so that's it.
And I said,
Buddy, read the marquee.
It says sold out.
No, look at my face, Jeff.
Look, I'm crying.
See?
You got into the show.
That's the part that makes you cry.
That part that makes you cry is that someone died.
I cried, I cried.
We don't have to applaud it.
Next thing.
Can you get a full erection
in front of that guy right there?
Three feet from that guy,
can you get a full erection
without using your hands?
Can you produce a full erection
in front of this guy?
He leaned forward like he's ready to go.
Full erection looking at him?
Just making eye contact with him?
You can say what you want,
but you may not physically
arise yourself with your hands.
I didn't say it was going to be easy.
What is it?
Wait, what's on your sweatshirt, sir?
It says property of Harmon XXL
High School D&D Club.
Did you make that sweatshirt?
Oh, that's cool. Thank you.
What's your name? Aaron.
Moses' brother's name.
You have 30 seconds on the clock.
Get a boner for that guy right now.
It moves all the time.
So the guy or girl?
Somebody just boned out.
With a confident stride.
I hope they're going,
they're going to go to the bathroom.
Or maybe it's like one of those old-timey reporters.
He has to get out and get to a pay phone.
It's comedy gold.
I kind of want to know the story.
I want to know what that guy interviewed.
He'll be back. Or maybe he won't.
Was he with you?
The guy who left?
Oh, so is he probably going to the bathroom?
Or was he leaning over to you guys
going like this is fucking bull.
You guys told me Rob Schneider was going to be here.
So he's probably going to the bathroom.
Okay.
What if he came back with a huge boner?
And it was like...
All right. I don't know.
I have to talk to myself.
I'm a high school gym coach.
I already have a partial.
There's a
red-headed captain
of the volleyball team.
Girls volleyball team
needs to speak with me in her office.
In fact, I need to speak to her
because she's
been very inappropriate
with her flirtations
with me privately.
And for all intents and purposes,
she's legal.
She's...
I'll just say that.
But I think you know I mean she's 17.
She has a red ponytail.
Volleyball.
Shorts.
Oh wait, I wasn't looking at him.
Okay, I'm looking at him.
Natalie,
your behavior is so inappropriate.
What do you mean?
There's a decorum.
You're not allowed to talk to teachers
in a certain way.
It can be very distracting and it's not.
There's a professional boundary between us.
I am a gatekeeper of education.
You're a young girl
and you need to dress more appropriately
when you're not playing volleyball.
She
kicks off her tennis shoes
while she's listening.
Plants one
clean athletic sock
clad foot
in the crotch of my crotch.
I can't do it.
Wait.
I have a couple of questions.
That's how you get a boner
as you write stories.
No, that's how I get a boner
when I'm staring at a guy named Aaron
in a shirt with my name on it.
In front of
200 people
including young girls
and there are several
people over 40 in the audience
that I've noticed tonight.
Which is great. It's about time.
I'm sick of being this
Messiah to hipsters.
It's about time a couple of my
colleagues and peers showed up.
Thank you. Good to see
librarians and
self-actualized chefs
and stuff here.
These skateboarders always showing up.
Dude, you're amazing. I'm going to be a writer.
You don't know that.
You don't know that, Todd.
You don't know how hard it is.
You lock yourself in a prison cell
with God and let him have his way with you.
You try to have words that aren't your own
move through you and have people
festoon you with credit for them.
You live with that shame, Todd.
And then you go back
for more, for the people.
You think you could do that, Todd?
Or maybe you want to do another ollie.
Maybe you want to go home
and play Red Dead Redemption.
All right.
So I want to tell you a joke, Jeff.
And I have to use an Irish accent to do it.
So it seems there was
this man
in a pub
sitting and drinking
the night away.
And at one point he gets up
and he falls
flat on his face.
Everyone goes, ohhh...
oh my gosh, Gura...
Are you all right?
Can we get you assistants
beyond us saying
are you all right?
He says, I'll be fine.
He gets up
he
walks, walks to the door.
the door. He opens the door, his legs give out, and it just falls down again. Oh, oh,
we asked you the first time. How many times is this going to happen? Probably three. I
bet three. He says, I'll be fine. He gets up again. I just need to get home. He's walking,
oh shit, he's crawling, isn't he? He can't walk, can he? I can pull this through. He
gets up, he walks, he gets to his porch, falls down again, flat on his face, his neighbors
are cooling a pie in the window, so he sees it and says, are you okay, Seamus? I'll be
fine. I just got to get to my bed, goes upstairs, goes to bed, falls asleep, wakes up the next
morning, his wife says, you've been out drinking again, haven't you? Well, how do you know
that, Natalie? She says, because you're normally in a wheelchair, which you left at the bar
and you're so drunk you were able to walk, which is physically inspiring, but spiritually
and psychologically troubling, because you have to get pretty darn drunk to mitigate the
effects of a neurological condition. The reason you can't walk is not psychological, it's
not a Disney movie, it's not Downton Abbey, this is a real thing, it won't heal, the doctor
showed us, you were injured in an NRA explosion, Schrab.el cleaved your spinal cord, it's physical,
I can show you the x-ray, she got it out of the drawers, look, there's a disconnection
between the brain that makes things happen and the limbs that enact the desires, there's
no way for it to get through, you got so drunk, your thoughts leapt across your spine and
landed in the right place like a tron cycle and raced to your drunken feet and you propelled
yourself, though not 100% effectively, but still astonishingly so, until you got home
and passed out, now try to walk again and he does and he can't, he's like, I can't even
move my legs, I'm crippled, she says, you mean physically challenged, and he says, what
are you, the word police, she says, well someone has to be, filthy mouthed old cow, she made
him some tea and he apologized, but at this point it's a cycle, I don't know, that didn't
turn out its plan, did it? Oh, did Jason really leave, is our bus driver here? I believe he's
still here. Okay, if he's willing to, wait, no, he left, okay, alright, he got nervous
about it, tonight was one of the few nights that we might have been able to bring our
bus driver on, we're traveling, we missed a good, is he really gone? Wait, is he out
in the parking lot? He got like a car service. Yeah, he got in the car. He got in the car
with a girl cell phone. Well, wait, what, he absconded with one of your staff? He got
in the car with the girl that sells tickets. He really is. Well, there's bad news and there's
worse news, the bad news is that our very charismatic and complicated bus driver, Jason,
couldn't be here tonight, I really wanted you guys to meet him, the worst news is that
he's our driver and he's drunk. You know, he'll be fine. He just needs to summon the
neurological miracles necessary to. Hey, what was the name of that place we walked by today
when it was like, there's funny his last name you ever saw? Stimulis. Stimulis. The place
called Stimulis. What's the place that's called, like the strip where all the like the ethnic
markets are? I don't even know what Stimulis sells. I didn't know, Stimulis is the funniest
name in the world. Stimulis, like made it up. Hey, welcome to Stimulis. Stimulis, if
we don't got it. Oh. He sounds excited. That's just me. Stimulis, come on. It's hilarious.
All right. I also in the back, the director was interviewing me. He asked me all kinds
of weird questions about my brain and how it works and why people keep forgiving me for
being a bad person. By the way, last night's show, which I don't think is podcast yet,
like it got weird again. It'll get weird here too. I cried. I've never done that yet. But
he asked me a question. He said, do you think there's anything you could tell people that
would make them not like you? Like they seem so forgiving of you. And I'm like, yeah, because
I play this honesty stick where I'm like, hey, high five for telling you. And I don't
really have any hatred in my heart or anything like that. Like last night, he thought was
going to be an exception because we brought Erin McGathy, my beautiful, wonderful, genius
girlfriend up who does nothing but unconditionally support me, unless she's had a couple. At
which point, sometimes if I have also had a couple, we get in an old good old fashioned
Irish Polish white trash verbal, verbal sparring match at which point I become Kevin Spacey
and seven Hannibal Lecter, you know, Philip Seymour Hoffman and the master. Like I get,
I do this thing where I don't necessarily say anything worse than you've ever said to
your significant other in a fight when you're trying to kind of hurt each other's feelings.
But you know, I, I, I shift into this persona that is sociopathically kind of gleeful at
the, at the kind of like, this passionate, like, disconnection that I feel, you know
what I mean? Like I regard her as if she is an insect and explain things to her in a way
she can understand. Let me lay it on the line for you. You know, I kind of like getting,
turning into this villain because I've had, it's, it's like, that's when I've passed
the threshold of acceptable human behavior with the, with the booze and stuff. She always,
always deserves it. No kidding. I'm kidding. I brought, we brought her up and we kind of
talked about it a little bit and she mentioned that I called her the C word at which point
the audience did that absolute requirement. I back you up a hundred percent. You don't
trust me. He said, I trust you. Oh, you trust me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's,
it's bad. But, but, yeah. So brought it up and the director was interviewing me and
he's going, and then they lined up and they wanted your autograph. He was a little disappointed.
He was bummed out. He thought he would see the final turning point. So then he, he asked
the question that I thought was very interesting. Is there anything I can tell you that I haven't
told you yet that about me, that would make you like, like turn on me? I don't, I think
the answer is no for the same reason. I, I, it's because what we have going for us is
like, like, like, like, like, we, we don't want anyone to be unhappy. Sometimes, I mean,
I, I, that's a story about me getting too drunk and I have a horrible, like, like, like,
dysfunctional, like neurotic, like behavior I engage in in a cyclical way that I've begged
therapists to, to, to, to, to, to defuse and then they can't do it and I, I get mad and
I stop going to them. So I try to talk into a microphone and try to, to, to do self maintenance
and things like that. And it's part of that involves confession. He said, what could you
tell them that would make them not like you? I don't think I've ever said into a microphone
into the recording. I think I've blogged about this fact. I use drugs recreationally. I'm,
I'm a prescription marijuana user. I don't get high when I work. It doesn't, because
I can't. If it, if it helped, I'd do it. I've, I've, I've done Adderall illegally, but I'm
not ashamed of that because you're welcome for season two of community.
You know, you don't, you don't get eight hours of sleep at night and, and, and, and do some
of that stuff. Like, like, like so, I'm not, that sounded horribly self aggrandizing. That's
not what I meant. I meant, I meant it takes a long time to, to piss off the network and
studio. Like you have to be, you have to get up earlier than them and go to bed later than
them. The, the, I don't think I've ever said precisely because it's uncharismatic that I've
done cocaine. I, I, I, I've ever said, I mean, even since my early 20s, when I discovered
it doing improv in Milwaukee, I have, you know, I've, I've, I've experimented with it
and here, not here in Los Angeles. Like if I'm on a party and somebody's got some of
those, sometimes if I, like now that I'm 40, it's like, it's, it's, it's, it's more of
a, like, I want to stay up and keep drinking. So someone's got this stuff and I'm not going
to say no to it. So now I just wanted to say that because now I'm fucking perfect.
Like I, I, I, there's nothing that I haven't said. Like I, I, I, I'm, I'm done, you know,
if you, if you, like, I can't think of any secrets I have left and I, I don't recommend
that as behavior for you. You can keep secrets, secrets are healthy, secrets are fine. The
reason I never say this, because it's a grody drug, it's synthetic and it's like Don Johnsony
and like, like, like it's not, like it doesn't, it wouldn't make anyone like me anymore, nor
is it like, it's not like a, an addict would say this, but there's no addiction because
I've been, you know, it's like, it's been in my life on and off for whenever. Like it's
just, it's a party thing that happens sometimes in our, in big Hollywood.
It probably happens all over the country. Yeah. Well, yeah. Dishwashers do it if they,
you know, if they can't get a hold of some Adderall, but the, the season two of those
plates last night at, at Stambulli's. Stambulli. But so that's it. I don't know. I just, it's,
there's no reaction I expect. I just want, now, now I'm like.
You always talk about yourself and kind of self-flagellate yourself about being a terrible
person that you're a bad person. I don't think it's because of behavior. It would be more
about the way that you're, you know, you're, when you get upset with somebody, whether
you mean to or not, because you're a good writer and the way your mind works, you have
the ability to really hurt somebody with kind of the flick of a wrist.
Thank you.
And you said backstage something about the idea that like, like, like you like the tears
as a part when you, when you're, when you're in that mode.
When I, when I'm way overboard. Yeah. Like, like, like when I, with my significant others,
there have been moments when if, if, if, if, if the significant other is, is, is going
toe to toe with me, like, and it's someone's, yeah, like, and it's too much to drink. Like
it gets white trashy drunk where it's like blackout or almost blackout. Like, yeah, there
are, there, most of the time, like, not 85% of the time, would you hear my little Milwaukee
accent? Most of the time, Pittsburgh's bringing it out of me. The, most of the time, 85%
of the time, like if I, if I, if I, if I get too drunk and I have a fight with someone
I love and I, and they start to cry, that's the end of it because of the tears signify
like, oh shit, I, I, this reality comes in. I was in a different mode. I was a, I was
a, I was a battle, battle bot of some kind. And I was like, trying to win a fight. Like
I go, I go, I can like, I don't know what it is, you know, whatever dysfunction I have,
whatever disorder like enables me to pull the plug on the emotional connection between
me and another human being. And then, so then it's like, there's no, there's no conscientiousness
like standing between me and saying something, uh, with the direct intent of like, like humbling
someone. And then, and then if they start to cry most of the time, then I'm like, oh shit,
that's what I'm doing. Holy crap, stop, stop, stop. But then there's like that 15% of the
time, if it's really grody drunk, like, like, and the, and the, uh, and the other person's
drunk and there's just fighting, fighting, fighting and back and forth only when you're
drunk. Yeah, yeah, I don't, I, I, I, yeah, I don't, it's, yeah, only, yeah, I'm making
sure that's the case in my head. Yeah, it's, it's a thing. It's a, it's an alcohol thing.
Like it's a, it lowers your inhibitions, it makes you looser, maybe it makes you charming
up to a certain point. And then there's, you know, you can go through a curtain where you,
uh, your behavior becomes bad, checkle and hide. Um, so kids pay attention to that. Don't
look up to a drunk writers. Um, it's not, it's not, it's not what makes you good. Um,
the, uh, uh, uh, your parents have to beat you. So if that didn't happen, you're going
to write shitty stuff. You're probably like a, just a bad dream journal. And I guess you
got too much love. I'm sorry. Um, the, uh, uh, yeah, then I was, I was saying to the
director was, uh, yeah, there's a, like the tears I actually go, okay, good. I think in
my head, like good cry, delicious tears, put them on a cupcake, cry until you can't any
more than you actually experience like physical like, like an erection. No, no, no, no, like,
like, you, you, you actually enjoy it or like, did you actually feel, no, no, no, it's all
about defensiveness. It's about, it's about being threatened because I, if I'm a child
and I feel like my mommy is trying to get away with something coming at me. Like I, I
need to win. I need to defeat. I need to defend myself. Not noticing that I'm a 40 year old
man with his full faculties.
Yeah. I think, I think the superpower, like we've all, like everyone in this room, there's
certain things about us that make us who we are and make us cool. And there's, there's
things that draw people to you. And also there's things, the same thing, the, the, the flip
side of that coin is, is the same thing that repels people from you. Like people when they
meet Dan, or first of all, like Rob Schrab, our friend, he's a, he's an artist. He's
a great, he's an awesome, like, you know, he's a visual thinker. When people meet Rob, it's
very like, there's people that come up to him and like, Rob's opinion of them is so
important and he can really make or break their night. And what they want from Rob
is to find out, am I creative? And if Rob doesn't, like doesn't think you're creative,
it hurts them, you know? Who the fuck is this guy?
Okay. Welcome back. For Dan, you know that you don't have the right to do what you just
did. This is my third glass of kettle. I want to talk to this fucker. Do you understand?
Let me put things in perspective for you. The thing about you is that people, oh no,
that's, no, obviously I was kidding. Yeah. But the thing about you is he said, he said
he would have peed his pants. People come up to you and, and, and the, the, the, the
people that come up to you need something from you. It's important for certain people
to think that, that you think that they are smart. I think smart is the key word. I, I,
I, yeah. So when you diminish somebody's intellectual ability, like, or like intelligence,
which I, which by the way, I don't, when I, when I get into a fight with Erin, I never
call her stupid. I know she can correct me if she, if she wants to, but you said you
talked to her like, like, let me explain this to you, like a, like a baby, applying
that she doesn't, yeah, like, like a chimpanzee, applying that she doesn't have perspective
on how, how like devastating I can be as a robot. Like, like, like I, don't you understand
the faculties of this operational death star? You know, like you don't, you don't know how
powerful I am. It's more like that. So you're just, you're just Emperor Palpatine.
It's not, it's not, it's not your stupid because I pet myself on the back for that.
Like, I don't, I don't, I don't, yeah, I don't know. Well, whatever, let's get off
of that. It's getting, it's getting narcissistic. That lady's leaving. Just going pee, right?
Okay. Let's fall over. I think, I think it's, I think it's number two.
She's got to take a big old shit in the bathroom. Lady in the head and the jeans. She's got
to take a diamond of a turd. Since, since we've taken the show to that, to that place,
I just wanted to say how satisfying it was to fart in Pittsburgh today. That the, the,
the coldness, like that brisk coldness, like, okay, now that guy's leaving. Okay.
Look, I mean, there's, there's intellectuals in the audience. I can sense it. I'm sorry,
but I, I, I, I did coke now and then and an Adderall and I, today I farted in Pittsburgh
out on the sidewalk and I just, I had this extreme pleasure imagining like this, this,
this, this 98.6 degree thing. Like, like, like getting out of, of, of the outer rim of my,
of, of, of its, of its comfort zone and, and, and, you know,
even your dynamic is the word you're looking for. What's that?
Anus is the word you're looking for. No, I'm not, I'm not looking for it.
Last night you were this. Okay. There's one more secret I have left. I was looking for
anus last night. Season three of community was written largely on anus. The, I just
imagined this little puff of like, you know, like, like this thing coming out and going,
wow. Like I just, just like leaving, just like dispersing like, like at the speed of
light. Like I'm sure that's not how it works, but from my understanding of thermodynamics,
like hot things want to go to cold things. And like, so I was like, I just like, I was
talking to a bunch of people and there are people walking everywhere and I was like,
I bet you could fart here and just like, no one, no one even smell it because it's just
like the fart, it's probably just goes, just like, it's halfway across town and, and on
both sides. It's like, you know, it's just like becoming merges with the cosmos.
All right. Anyways, I just wanted to get that off my chest, so to speak. Dan, I would say
right now, whatever you're about to say, just because it's better to have them up earlier
than later, because it always is. Can we bring Spencer up?
Spencer? Okay.
Judgent master extraordinaire. Story teller and extremist. You, you haven't heard the,
you haven't heard the show from last night. One of the most amazing things about it.
Yeah. Out in front of the, of the Pirates baseball stadium, whatever that's called.
Oh, the PNC Park. We already discussed this. There's a, there's a, there's a, there's a
giant statue of Honest Wagner, like, like, like, like, you're after having, you know,
like, hit a tater. And it's Honest, look it up. Great, great groups, my friend insists
that it's Honest and not Honest. And I defer to Greg on this. I've always called him Honest
Wagner, but he says Honest and he's, he's like, he will not be moved. Greg's pretty particular.
He is. Very airy day. I am a pseudo intellectual. Greg is an intellectual. H. Wagner. He's
a, he's a, he's a famed ball player. Last night, Spencer, if he could be compared to
baseball terms, hit 900 last night on, on, we kept throwing things out of, just, we would
make up new monsters and he would just describe new monsters. Yeah. We landed on this game
where we'd just make up like monster names and throw them at Spencer and he describes
them as he would in a game. And it's not fair to do that again tonight because last night
he was so, like he hit like five home runs and one triple off the wall, basically.
Yeah. It was pretty. He got on base a lot and then, and then it was, it was good stuff.
I wouldn't want to do it to you again, Spencer, because I hate to, you know. Also, I can't
think, I can't remember which ones we threw at him. So like we were doing like Spencer,
alcoholism.
Do you want me? Yeah.
Well, I got, did we do that one? No, I don't think so. Spencer, alcoholism is attacking
me. Opening the door to the bathroom. You felt, you smell the reek of risky. You hear
the splash of liquid into the bathroom and then you feel a figure rising. Opening the
door to the stall. You see a hobo drenched in vomit and liquor. That's a double. That's
a double. Yeah. No, that's definitely bad. That's a double. Yeah. He's, he's, he's
freaking freestyle dungeon master. I mean, just judging mastering is freestyling. Yeah.
What's that? What'd you say? Oh, no, I saw, I thought I saw your mouth moving. Oh, wait,
what have you got? That's Mike and Jen. Yeah. Jen and Mike. Yeah. Jen and Mike, come to
the stage. We were warned about you in advance. Okay. Now I just, I think I realized why Aaron
came backstage and said, you should probably bring Jen and Mike up tonight. All right.
So I think we're getting an indication. Hello, Mike. Mike has a yellow shirt on. It says
Harmontown, Harmon, Harmonon. Oh, are you a yinzer? Is that what that is? Yeah. Yeah.
Are you, are you from here? Um, from West Mullen County originally. So how, how would
you say that in your phonetics? About Harmontown, Harmontown. Anybody else? Come on.
Nobody? All right. And Jen, let's see, let's get a look at you. Yours says, oh, Harmon
Town the same, but yeah, they have the black and yellow Pittsburgh colors and you have
a little like foam number one thingies. Yeah, this is Dan's Ray of Frost. You're not giving
this to me. Are you? No, really? Oh, no. This is my flaming sword. They made authentic
foam, an authentic foam number one kind of sports fan hand, like the number one thing
and it's blue, like icy blue and has a screaming frosty skull and, and, and sparkles coming
out of the index finger. And on the back of it, it says Ray of Frost. And I have a flaming
sword that is just, I mean, it's really just a sword that's on fire. It's fucking amazing.
I said, well, that's all me. I feel like a foam and stuff. Guy Thierry shirts just came
in here and this is, this is amazing. That is good. Did you hear the Brooklyn show by
any chance? Oh, with Sudeikis? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We found out at Brooklyn
that, I don't know if you were halfway done making this or not, that, that Ray of Frost
is a level zero spell that does a maximum of three damage after, and we found that out
after singing the Ray of Frost theme song and really celebrating that I was casting
it like I was a professional wrestler. We then found out Ray of Frost does from zero
to three damage.
Am I right or wrong in saying that the little, the little frosty stars on the Ray of Frost
are those the Pittsburgh logo?
Oh, yeah, conveniently enough.
Little Pittsburgh.
What do they call them? Like hyper-cycloids? Or what are they? Hypo-cycloids. Yeah. Well,
that's a shape. A little diamondy, little sparkle nuggets on the, on the, on the, on
the. Are you guys an item, Mike and Jen?
Yes, we are.
Kiss, kiss, kiss, kiss, kiss, kiss, kiss. Dan, get a boner. Dan, get a boner. Dan, get
a boner.
Married or just dating?
No, just, yeah, living together.
How long?
Living in sin?
For how long?
Around a year and a half.
And how long were you going up before you moved in?
Okay. Are you guys, are you guys in love?
Yeah.
You are.
They have a thing to unite them. They have like this great. So, Mike, I know the answer
to this is no. Do you ever get really drunk and become incredibly weirdly sociopathically
abusive to Jen?
Yeah, unfortunately, she did lean over and say that's you whenever you were describing
yourself.
All right. See, once again, I'm bulletproof. Ladies, I know that there's something wrong
with me that I want to change. It's not good behavior. It's not part of my creative process.
It's not good.
Jen, would you have any advice to give Dan? I mean, not that you would presume to give
anybody advice, but if you, like any, because you guys are clearly very happy together. You've
been together longer than Dan and Aaron have been together, basically.
I have no advice. I have my own psychoses and neuroses, like.
What's your hang up? What's your bag?
I don't even know.
Mike, what's wrong with Jen?
Yeah, I asked the source, man.
Jen, stop listening for a second. Mike, we won't tell her.
No, I think the problem is Jen and I are pretty much the same age, but she has developed
a wealth of knowledge beyond my own. And so there's insecurities of not being able to
compete with that and feel like I'm getting my side of the argument across.
I'm not sure if I'm just being stupid or not.
Does that manifest itself in you going, just because you're smart doesn't mean it can become
Stanley Kowalski?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean, that happens to me with Aaron, too. I get intimidated by how smart she is, and
then I try to deflect and trick her into thinking that that's not what we're talking about.
That's not even the point.
Yeah, it is. I'm stupid. But, all right, well, that makes me feel a little better, because
if you can't, for those in podcast land, Mike is an adorable, lithe, bespectacled, knit cap,
adorned, bearded...
He's kind of like what Zach Galifianakis thinks he is.
He's the sexy Zach Galifianakis.
He's like Zach Galifianakis' avatar in heaven when we wake up in heaven and you can just
look how you...
All right, well, thank you, Jen and Mike. Unless there's anything, while you have the
conch, do you want to...?
I think I'm good.
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah, I mean, look, let me let it go.
No, I would like to be able to make Pittsburgh proud, but that's not going to happen tonight.
Where should we go drinking if we go drinking in Pittsburgh?
I was saying Gooskies. Anyone else?
Gooskies?
Gooskies.
Where's that at?
Oh, it's out on Polish Hill.
Polish Hill?
Damn, you're Polish.
Yeah, I sure am.
Is that near Stamulli's?
You know, I mean, look, you don't have to. I can play you off with this beat, but if
you guys want to rap with Dan as a, you know, as you give it a whirl, we can edit it out
of the podcast if you want.
No, you go too fast for me. Like I said, I'm not smart enough to argue with her. I can't
rap at all.
Wait, wait, wait. Okay. Right here. Here we go.
Once upon a time, I needed to eat a loaf of bread. I didn't get it soon enough, so I
starved now I'm dead. I put on a pair of shoes and walked down the street. I didn't get my
bread, but saw your mama and got my meat slower. So it's like slower tempo. You can do it
like that.
Take a mic. I don't think I can as hard as I try to think. And that's it. I've hit a
wall.
All right.
I'm with Jen.
Jen, you're smart.
Shame him, Jen.
Shame him like the Pee-Bee and he is.
All right.
Well, that's right.
She's dancing.
All right.
Jen's got the moves. Jen's got the moves. Jen's got the moves.
Let's hear it for Jen and Mike, everybody.
Are you sure you're giving these up, right?
These are ours?
Thank you.
That's really incredible.
These are wonderful.
Look at that fucking thing.
We should have them sign them after the show.
Speaking of Rob Schrab, this isn't very Schrabby and stuff here. He'd be very proud of that.
You can still see the hot glue strings on it, which makes it nice that I love that.
Yeah, they did a great job of simulating a kind of like sword with embers on it and flames
trailing.
Spencer, mediocre zookeeper attacks.
Hold on. I got the music.
Oh.
The cage opens up with a creek. You see two legs holding a pile of what seems to be backs
of feed.
Several spill to the floor with a clumsy clatter.
Dropping to his knees, a short, portly man crouches before you, apologizing profusely.
Mediocre zookeeper.
He's got a zoo to keep.
But he's not great at it. He doesn't work in San Diego. He's in LA County.
I just keep the pelicans alive. That's all I do. I lost three last week.
I like that the feces fell to the ground with a clatter.
Sometimes they clatter.
What sort of animal has pooped that clatter, Spencer?
Bags of feed, dude.
Bags of feed, he said.
Oh, shit. I'm sorry.
But to answer your question, penguins, clearly.
All right.
Dan, Spencer came to me earlier today and kind of out of fashion for Spencer, he approached
me with a bit for tonight's show.
Really?
Has he talked to you about this?
No.
Dan and I have been making up stupid songs on the bus.
There's Pringles Dick, there's Chicken Noodle Dick.
Has anybody heard the Chicken Noodle Dick song?
I got drunk last night in Arlington and I sang it twice.
I forgot the audience had already heard it.
Yeah, we did like an anchor and Jeff taught them the Chicken Noodle song and the anchor
that we had already sang.
Did anybody heard the Chicken Noodle Dick song?
Here's how it goes.
There was silence.
I took that silence for no, we haven't heard it.
The silence was, you're drunk.
You sang this 45 minutes ago.
So Chicken Noodle Dick is Dan on a bus.
I'll explain it to you people.
Dan on a bus holding a Chicken Noodle, a can of progressive light Chicken Noodle soup
in his lap as though it were his dick and we cobbled together this song.
Here I am.
You got a dick, you got a Chicken Noodle can.
All my life, I've been put in this can since I'm a Chicken Noodle wife.
Chicken Noodle got a comb down from the mountain saying Chicken Noodle Man, you got to work
all day.
Chicken Noodle Man, you got to cross the river Jordan, feed the devil's soup and take his
troubles away.
All right, so that's the song.
Now soup to the bowl, bowl to the spoon, spoon to the mouth you're going to get well soon.
I'm trying to build.
Yeah, see I got a building off of that.
So Spencer's worked on some lyrics to add to it.
So it'd be like a verse and then it'd go back to the chorus which is, you know, the Chicken
Noodle Man and then it's another verse and then back to the chorus.
Jesus.
A flash of inspiration in the shower or maybe a curse.
I mean, we'll see how it goes.
Can you explain to me how flashes of lyrics come to you in the shower?
Cascading over you in a warm flurry.
The water rains down.
Then it hits you.
A good idea, maybe.
That's all.
He's fucking the best.
He's the best.
Spencer, I fucking love you so much.
But so yeah, if I could do the verse and then we could come back together for the chorus
maybe and then try it.
I mean, we'll see how it goes.
Okay.
Okay, so it starts with the soup to the bowl, right?
Do you want me to sing that?
Yeah, let's do that.
All right.
Soup to the bowl, bowl to the spoon, spoon to the mouth you're going to get well soon.
You better get a little bed rest, sleep until noon.
Grab a cup of coffee, then hit the saloon singing Chicken Noodle Man coming down from the mountain.
Chicken Noodle Man gotta work all day.
Chicken Noodle Man, you gotta cross the river Jordan.
Be a devil, stupid, take your travels, go away.
Blue South and come what may.
My Chicken Noodle wife left me just the other day.
I don't know what I can do but pray.
Singing Chicken Noodle Man, you gotta work all day.
Chicken Noodle Man, come down from the mountain.
Chicken Noodle Man, you gotta work all day.
Chicken Noodle Man, you gotta cross the river Jordan.
Be a devil, stupid, take your travels, go away.
Yeah, that's right.
Write those down.
Spencer, when we get on the bus tonight, when we get on the bus, I want lyrics,
pull it up on your iPad, we're going to learn those.
Yeah, let's workshop it.
For you podcast listeners, in the closest we'll ever come to the Tom Jones effect,
a man just threw his hipster beanie hat on the stage at Spencer's feet.
You have this, take it.
Nice.
And inside that beanie, there's panties.
If it was the 80s, that would be a pocket protector or something, right?
Spencer, you're going above and beyond the call of Dungeon Master Duties.
And of Road Companion too.
You could have been cranky and become a drag by now, but he's become an inspiration and a good friend.
I just want to help.
Spencer, we went to Permanent Brothers today, we walked around a bit.
What do you feel about Pittsburgh so far? Have you been here before?
I've never been here before. I love your guys' architecture.
I love your weather. It's, I love it. It's brisk.
It's good walking around weather.
I don't sweat.
I think you noticed I disagreed.
Yeah, definitely disagreed with you.
Where did you grow up?
I grew up in Alaska.
Oh.
No, I grew up in Northern California.
So it's just fun for you, huh?
Yeah, I don't know.
So weird. It really is the mythology that I'm from Milwaukee, so I'm going to be walking around with my shirt off out there.
There's a reason I moved to California.
I am a pussy.
Do not, I don't, but it's a great city and stuff.
I just, I'm just saying, like, that weather, man, I don't know how you guys do it.
I applaud you.
It's not even that cold yet.
No, no, it'll get, yeah, February, it'll get colder, right?
It'll get 80 below, probably.
Well, 80 below with Wind Show is the Milwaukee thing.
It gets to be 80 below with Wind Show.
And the weathermen tell you as part of their weather report how many seconds in which human skin freezes.
It's a regular part.
It's like they're telling you the dew point.
Don't forget, human skin freezes 28 seconds of this weather, so bundle up.
Buckle up your skin?
Bundle up.
Oh, bundle up, okay.
So buckle up.
Is anybody here, like, it's been, it's probably like seven years since I've been here,
and I found out what a yinzer was, and I went to, I asked this girl at a bar,
is there like a real, like, straight up yinzer bar?
She's like, you don't really want to go to one.
I was like, no, I do, I do.
And I went there, and people really do say yinz want to go down and eat and buy some eggs and that,
and they're like, people say anat, and they say yinz.
Is anybody here have a really good, like, proper yinzer accent, or can somebody do one?
Huh?
We already have Mike up here.
Mike's pretty good.
You in the back, sir.
Come on up.
Let's bring that guy up.
All right.
I want to hear a good and proper yinzer.
Good and proper yinzer.
Tried to catch the moon, but only caught it.
Next thing you know, yinzer accents being done.
My name's Ian.
Hello, Ian.
Ian, I take it you're from here, right?
Yeah, basically.
Johnstown.
Two hours away.
Yeah.
All right.
So are you going to put on an accent for us, or are you going to give us yours?
Oh, yeah.
I don't talk like a yinzer normally, but so, hey, yinzer guys won't go downtown.
Permanent brothers, go over there.
Get some hall sausage sandwich.
How's that for a sandwich?
I have been worshiped no clothes.
I have been worshiped.
You say I've been worshiped.
The girls say I've been worshiped.
I have been worshiped.
Nothing.
Wait, wait, what?
Earth?
Say what you just said to me.
So, in English.
In English, I haven't been washing.
I've been washing anything.
I ain't been worshiped.
Nothing.
This is my upstairs neighbor in college.
So do it again for me.
I ain't been worshiped.
The girl, the girl, she say I've been worshiped.
Nothing.
Awesome.
All right.
Yinzer accent.
What does that come from?
Is that like an old, like hangover from Scottish?
Irish?
Like what is it from?
I have no idea.
Polish?
Yins?
It's Scotch Irish.
Scotch Irish.
It's really good.
Get up here.
Yins are challenged.
Yins are battle.
This guy might be a native.
He might be better than me.
Yeah.
Let's hear your Yinser.
Hi, my name is Dean.
I grew up in Tratton, Pennsylvania.
It's right up 28.
And I, like I can't even tell I have an accent.
Essentially on a normal day on Sunday, I watch the stillers.
I go down to Permanis.
I don't go to Pramantes.
I don't like it.
No.
Permanis.
Yeah.
How about this?
I'm a vegetarian.
I was out of fucking place in there, man.
Still liked it though.
I had a tie on and I ate the double egg and cheese and it was fucking delicious.
That's right.
Well, usually in Pittsburgh, you get the, what the fuck is it called?
The steak and cheese.
But a steak and cheese isn't like a Philadelphia steak and cheese.
It's got, well, it doesn't go cap corn.
It's steak and cheese.
It's got sauerkraut.
It's got fries.
It's got Italian bread.
It's good.
Yeah, it's amazing.
I had that today.
Now, do you and your day-to-day life say an act?
Yeah, every day.
That means et cetera and so forth and whatnot, right?
Right.
So if I'm talking to my buddies and I want to go down to Gooskies and I want to do something
before Gooskies, well, you say, you want to go do Gooskies and that or you want to do,
what are you going to do?
You want to go eat and that and then go to Gooskies?
Or G yet and go to Gooskies?
Yeah.
I love that.
Okay.
So I like to think and I'm almost certain that this is the case.
Your name again was what?
My name is Dean.
Dean, Dan gives, what's your name over there?
I'm sorry?
Ian.
Ian and Ian are the first Yenzer rap battle.
Oh.
And I want to see who can be the most Yenzerie during the rap.
I went downtown yesterday.
I got a pop, Randy's in.
Shit.
Perfect.
Ian, you're a battle.
For many broaders, it's here for Yenzers.
Oh no.
Go, go over there.
Yen's guys watching in Pittsburgh stillers.
All in all, I'm from Pittsburgh.
I ain't got no rhythm.
I can't watch nothing.
Dan joined in and tried to be a Yenzerie rapper.
You tried to mimic the accent.
Yo.
When you watch the stillers at the bowl, I talked to your mama and said, what the
fuck?
Yo.
From Pittsburgh.
You're all equally terrible.
It's here for the Yenzer rap, everybody.
Have a good night, Matt.
Fantastic.
Thank you, sir.
For me, it's too similar to the Milwaukee thing.
It's very, we're cousins, Pittsburgh and Milwaukee.
No, that one's pretty specific.
Milwaukee's all about the long vowel sounds talking through your nose and ending everything
with ya and hey and ena.
Ena.
Hey.
Some time.
I mean, that's extreme shit.
That's like, cut a haste out in Milwaukee.
All these accents have fascinating little trees, little branches of an accent tree.
It's pretty cool.
Should we start Dungeons & Dragons?
Well, one more thing.
I wanted to...
Oh, well, come on.
Take it easy, Jen.
You know, I've been drinking and I will make Mike look like Mr. Rogers.
What's that?
Oh, is he from Pittsburgh?
Is Mr. Rogers from Pittsburgh?
Oh, that's why he was on the wall at...
Fuck it.
Everybody's on that wall.
Gene Kelly's up there?
Is he from Pittsburgh?
Oh, I was wondering whether random celebrities interspersed with Terry Bradshaw and stuff.
The sports guys I get, but...
It's everybody.
Everybody's...
Wow, Pittsburgh.
Say what?
We're an actual city.
Nobody said you weren't.
He said we're an actual city.
That was a little defensive, sir.
I think the last thing anyone would say is that Pittsburgh's not a city.
You literally build fucking buildings out of the stuff that you do here.
It's like...
Of course Pittsburgh's a city.
It's steel.
It's fortress.
It's full of whipping winds and coleslaw.
I like that the coleslaw's not that sweet KFC shit, but it's like that vinegary kind of tart stuff.
That's how it should be, right?
I just wanted to say when we were walking through those whipping winds, this conversation happened
between Aaron and Spencer.
Aaron said, well, my face is getting used to the cold.
And Spencer went, you mean numb?
He slices through artifice.
He seems to be either villains or monsters.
There's magic or there's curses.
Is there one more thing?
Jeff, do your eyes keep going to the guy in the white shirt right back there?
He's very...
Don't move.
You're very well lit.
Very well lit and very distinct.
No chops, give everybody.
No chops, give everybody tonight.
Are you a theater person?
Because you really found your lighting.
He is a theater person.
He instinctively found his light.
That's a Saturday Night Live.
You would be Elvis Costello and they would cut to you.
What do you think?
Even if he wasn't well lit, he is lit by his dignity.
He's got his arms folded, but not in the...
His arms folded in the kind of...
I'm trying to describe for listeners.
You know how you fold your arms if you are pouting?
It kind of closed off.
Then there's the intellectual holding one elbow with another hand.
It's contemplative.
My eyes keep darting over to him because he's so not a typical harm-on-town audience.
What is your name, by the way?
Joel.
Do you know harm-on-town?
Have you heard of this?
Do you just wander in tonight?
No, I'm not sure.
You're an usher.
Would you be willing to come up and talk to us?
I've been looking at him all night.
Joel.
I can honestly say this is the first guy that's ever been this specific physical archetype
that I've ever seen out there in the crowd.
There's an actor that he looks like.
Is it E.G. Marshall?
What is it?
I can't...
Jack Lemon.
Hal Holbrook?
A little Hal Holbrook?
All right.
Hello, Joel.
Your name's Joel.
And you're an usher here at the theater.
I'm an usher at the theater, yes.
You've been...
It could have gone worse because my eyes can't keep off of you.
I always play to the person in the back of the room that I'm most terrified of, that
I'm, oh, this person is going to hate me.
I'm talking about cocaine and booze and being stupid and I'm farting.
And so my eyes keep going to you to check in.
And you've never...
You know, you're not pumping your fists or anything.
But you've been very supportive.
I would define you as...
You've been smiling now and then when it passed muster with you.
Yeah.
Didn't give you the finger.
No, no, yeah.
You didn't get up and leave.
You didn't...
Yeah, moon us or anything.
Yeah, Joel.
Well, Joel, what do you think so far about the show?
Be honest.
Well, HIP, what do you think about this?
I find it very strange.
I really don't understand it.
It's very nice of you to say that.
All right.
Well, I don't know what...
I just...
I had to like...
I wanted to personify him.
I didn't want him to be this like, you know...
Dan, we all have our own wants.
You want to personify him.
I want him to rap a little bit.
Oh, no, no, no.
Come on, Joel.
I don't want to rap.
Joel's not going to rap.
Me neither.
We have that in common.
How long have you been an usher here, Joel?
Actually, about nine years.
Yeah.
Are you...
You must be a patron of the arts.
Like, you want to be close to it.
That's why you took the job, maybe?
Yeah.
I mean, I ushered a bunch of theaters.
This is a beautiful, beautiful theater.
Oh, this is not the only one that you ushered.
I was walking downtown.
It used to be the public theater before they moved downtown.
This was the public theater.
And you get to see all the stuff for free?
Yes.
Because you ushered?
Right.
Are you married?
No.
Okay.
And you...
What's your...
I don't know.
What's the best play that's been here in this theater this year?
What's the best thing you've seen in this venue here?
Oh, the second city used to come here before they went downtown.
Oh, okay.
So you like the improv comedy?
Yes.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry that people spontaneously coming up with humorous things to say is your forte,
because I must have let you down.
I do a different brand of thing here.
I'm sort of a low rent, spaulding gray, I guess, but I haven't written anything of it.
Okay.
Thank you, Joel.
Is there anything you want to plug or...
Is there a sports drink you manufacture that you want people to know about?
I mean, you have the mic if there's anything you want to say.
No, I kind of hide away.
Okay.
He's an usher.
He's got the usher spirit.
He wants to get back to the shadows with Joel.
And yet he found the most well-lit seat in the house.
It's like God is your flashlight.
God is ushering you.
I see.
You're right.
I'm writing the light there.
Yeah, yeah.
But you look good in it.
I mean, it's great.
Like I said, you could have really played a mind game on me from that seat.
Every time I looked over, you could have just gone.
Well, now I can't.
Now you can.
You can do whatever you want, Joel.
That's what Harmontown...
That's the only thing we have going for us, is your freedom.
Thank you, Joel.
Joel, everybody.
Thank you so much, sir.
All right.
Let's bring Erin McGathy to the stage for D&D.
Erin.
Erin McGathy.
Erin steps to the igloo cooler, refreshing her ice to the...
I'm no Spencer.
I can't do it.
You can't do it.
No one can.
Hello.
Hello, Erin.
Erin McGathy.
Everybody?
Did I miss anything?
I just want to say, while Joel was up, I think someone's trying to date rape me.
What do you mean by that?
I'm a very mysterious drink.
Somebody came and brought what seems to be a yingling beer to you.
And there's definitely like a pill fizzing around in the bottom.
Are you kidding me?
Let me see this.
Yeah, no, I'm kidding.
Careful.
I swear to God, it's hetero love.
Okay, so that's you?
Yes.
You, I trust.
Okay.
Is there a pill?
Is that an optical illusion, Spencer?
No, I was joking.
I was joking.
Oh, God, I thought...
Really affecting it.
I don't know.
Yeah, I'm a little jealous.
Oh, drink, drink, drink, drink, drink, drink, drink, drink.
Wait, Spencer, you don't even drink, really, do you?
I know how.
But Spencer...
Dungeon Snap.
All right.
Spencer, sorry, Erin, go ahead.
Oh, nothing.
I just said wireless.
Is there anything, Erin?
Wireless mic.
Because it's kind of not fair when I talk about our relationship and whether or not
I'm a dick within it.
And then you don't have, and now that you have the mic, is there anything that I said that
you need to counter or clarify or...?
Sad woo from the audience.
Like, did I lie? Did I lie about anything that you need to correct me on or...?
No.
I don't think so.
I feel...
I mean, at Harmonetown, I guess we're honest about our feelings.
I feel a little raw.
Oh, well, by the two-way channel.
I did...
My cheeks weren't totally dry backstage.
I made you cry tonight?
Oh, I don't know.
During the show?
No, it's fine.
I don't want to be...
I don't know.
It's kind of a bummer listening to you talk about jerking off to a 17-year-old with a
ponytail.
Ladies?
It's fine.
I don't want it to be a thing, because Dan and I have had this conversation a million
times over, but...
Are you saying you cried during that backstage?
Look, man, I'm just being honest.
I'm not saying it's the way to be.
I don't know if anyone listens to my podcast, but I don't start it by saying, hey, I'm
perfect.
Here goes.
So, I don't know.
I...
It will bum me out a little bit.
Given our...
The sexual activity we had this afternoon, I felt a little...
Made me feel a little sad.
Because it was unreciprocated.
Because it was one-sided, and...
I was...
I have a fever.
It's...
Hey, man.
It's all about...
It's fine.
It was all about me this afternoon.
Were you saying it was unreciprocated sex that went on today?
Like, Dan was being selfish in bed today?
We had two hours to get some rest.
I had a fever.
I was...
I had chills.
Like, she asked me...
Is there...
Can I...
Can I help you out?
Like, kind of...
I can't remember how she put it.
I do not say, can I help you out?
I can't remember how you put it, but my response was, is it okay if I just lay here?
It's fine.
I'm really not upset about it.
I mean, it probably speaks more to my own insecurity, but when...
You know, when...
Well, it speaks to your desire to have sex.
Like, it speaks to your...
On the tour, yeah.
On the tour, things are slower sexually, so when I watch you on stage fantasize about
a volleyball playing 72-year-old, I want to kill myself because I'm like, well, I'm not
that, and I wish I was.
I have red hair.
I wish I were.
No, I was...
Yes.
I wish I was.
Okay.
Well, I understand that.
That wasn't supposed to be a black horse.
That was the start.
And yet it was.
Yeah, and yet it was.
I...
No, I don't know.
I just...
I guess after last night and the last couple of days, I feel a little low.
I feel a little defeated.
I don't feel super...
I guess maybe I don't feel...
I love you, but I don't feel super hyped on our relationship right now.
But...
Well, I'll see what I can do about that before Minneapolis.
But I...
Guys, I'm not saying I want to break up or anything.
I just feel a little...
I just feel...
My heart's a little chafed.
I used to be really fat, and when I would go to a water park, my thighs would get all red
and bloody, and that's what my heart feels like.
Oh, God, I'm so sorry.
Hey, Joel.
Look like Jim D.
Joel, take it easy back there, won't you?
Joel's now pumping his fists.
But I think the show is going great.
I think Pittsburgh's awesome.
Everyone here is super...
It's one of the great...
It's one of the top three towns in the nation to break up, and did you guys know that?
Your dream...
Everyone at the merch table was so cool and so nice, and it was great.
Spencer, I hate to call an audible, because you've prepared this stuff and also, but you're
very willing to adapt on the fly to stuff that we do.
Maybe is there a way during this little fantasy segment that we do in D&D for Dan and Aaron's
characters to maybe find some sort of connection, maybe patch up some of these wounds?
Is that possible?
Yeah.
All right.
Spencer, if you would, catch us up to date.
When we last met, our heroes had just hijacked a flying airship piloted by Dave.
The airship seemed to be damaged, and the gang raced around trying to fix it, and just after
they thought they had it all under control, a shake rattled the hole.
The gang awoke in the wreckage of their ship, and in the midst of a deep dark red cave.
Just by seven humans and a halfling, a chorus of people approached our heroes in the deep
of this cave.
As our heroes met the tribesmen, they realized that they had been swallowed by a great beast,
known only as the Infinifish.
There was this weird point in the show where, for some reason, I don't know how.
It wasn't my idea.
We brought all the black people in the audience onto the stage.
So there were eight black people.
They both were on stage.
I said, the way how is that you said it.
Let's bring all the black people on stage.
Right.
I don't know how we got to that point.
There was a Greek chorus of all of our black audience members up there, and they were kind
of our guides through the fowls of the Infinifish.
They took you through some neat curtains.
They did a dance that opened the way forward, and you got to their village, which is where
you are now.
Perfect.
Again, nine seconds left on the track, and he knows exactly how to end it.
He's amazing.
All right.
So let's examine our surroundings.
You're in this red cave-ish area.
The walls are fleshy and pustules of glowing golden fluid line the walls, casting light
over the area.
Several scrap hovels have been shored together from various pits of pieces of ship and or
crates and or other items.
There's about 17 or 18 of these dwellings, and they seem quite modest, but workable.
Cozy.
Yeah, cozy for inside of an animal.
The people are just hanging around now.
They're just going back to their business.
So are you going to play all these people, Spencer?
I can play all of them, any of them, none of them, whatever has to happen.
Okay.
Did you want to get the black people in Pittsburgh to come up?
No.
Let's bring them out.
Let's bring the black people.
It was a joke.
I don't know how I felt about having done it.
It was an organic thing.
Halfway through it, I was like, what are we doing?
We're dehumanizing black people.
It started as a thing that was supposed to re-humanize and express ironic white guilt,
and then when you arrange people in a big, long line and give them one microphone for
them, it's like the opposite effect for me emotionally, I think they had a good time,
but I can't really access them emotionally, so I don't know.
I seek out the elder or leader of this group of people.
That's the female chieftain that you met in Arlington.
I approach her.
You approach her.
I say, what's up?
I hope you find our village to your liking.
It's not much, but it's all we have.
We don't get very much stuff down here, but my friend Phil owns this shop down the lane.
There's also an end to your right if you need to sleep.
We got some stuff.
I'm sorry we don't have much, but it's the inside of a friggin' beast.
We probably definitely need some sleep at this point, I imagine.
I'm bushed, and I notice some strange tension between Mulray and Sedona, and Sharpie Buttsalot.
I find the nearest humble dwelling that a gnome barbarian might find, and I hit the hang.
That happens.
You take your leave gracefully.
I find a reflective surface on a wall, and I walk over to it, and I brush my hair.
You find no reflective surface?
No.
I walk over to some sort of wall, and I imagine that there's something there, and I stare at it, and I brush my hair.
You look beautiful since becoming a woman.
Thank you, Sharpie.
Okay, said some things back in the epiglottis.
I regret, I guess.
You guess?
You guess you regret them, or you actually regret them?
Well, I regret making you feel bad.
I don't want to do that. I like you.
But if I hadn't felt bad, everything you said would have been fine?
I don't know.
I mean, it's like...
How much tap dancing do you want done for your sake?
Very little.
All I have to do is just not say certain stuff during a show that I'm doing. All I have to do is think about you.
All right, pause. D&D pause.
Oh, it was on pause.
I was just being open about my feelings, and I qualified it by saying that I think it's just about my insecurity.
After the show, I wouldn't give you a note saying I don't think you should have done that bit, because I think it was fine.
Artistically, I think it was totally cool, because I'm feeling insecure.
I said it's sorry that you were hurt, which is the truth.
Okay, that's fine.
And your question was, you're sorry that I was hurt, but if I wasn't hurt, you would have thought that was okay.
So, here we go. Now, that's a note. That's a behavioral adjustment.
Well, I mean, Dan, I was being Mulrainee.
What?
Well, I just... Let's back up a little for actually going to talk about this in front of all of our best friends.
Can I get you guys a couple drinks?
When we had that fight the other night, you apologized, and then in the morning, I was still feeling sad.
And I said to you, I still feel sad about this, and your response was, so what?
Yeah, because we had a fucking drunken fight the previous night, and it's not...
Right, but you saw him slung a lot of arrows.
Arrows!
So, it was a lot. It was a lot. It was more than usual.
But after talking about it on stage last night, I was fine.
And hypothetically, I'm fine now. I guess I'm feeling a little insecure.
I feel a little undesirable.
Well, you're the hottest girlfriend I've ever had.
Oh, thank you.
Is that the... I mean, because it seems... I realize that we all have kind of fundamental needs to feel sexy and stuff,
but there's a certain point at which... I love you. I'm in love with you.
I want to spend the rest of my life with you, and the idea that a piece of pornography,
or a primal urge, somehow a threat to you...
No, it's not that. It's when you're...
When you show me less that you're attracted to me than those things creep into my brain,
but when you are in a mode where you show me that you care about me, and ladies...
It doesn't take a lot, right? It takes very little.
It takes... You look nice today, or...
Gosh, I'm so busy. I wish I could have sex with you right now, but I gotta go to work.
Just very little... Women are so much lower maintenance than men think.
So when we're on tour, so everything's fucked up, and it's hard for you to...
It's a slash impossible for you to pay me the attention that I need because I am just as broken as you.
Hence why I'm in this relationship with you. I don't think that someone super healthy would fall in love with you.
And that's not a diss. That's love.
So in the same way that you flipped out at my high school reunion, because some douchebag was hitting on me,
I need... I just need a pat on the head, and I don't know, I'll get you later.
It's all fine. And I'm not mad at you.
I'm not... You did. You pat me on the head tonight. I'm not mad about the 17-year-old thing.
I'm just feeling insecure, that's all. And after last night, or two nights ago, things are a little raw. Everything's fine.
I think feeling insecure is awesome. I stand up here and talk about what makes me feel insecure.
All the people in this audience come up to me after the show and shake my hand and tell me about the things that make them feel insecure.
That listens to this podcast instead of Rob Schneiders agrees that expressing insecurity is worth something.
However, then there's this line between expressing insecurity and what? What's my thing?
You think that I'm trying to get you to do something?
Right.
So you feel insecure when something happens, and then I say to someone that loves you, oh my God, I'm so sorry that you got splashed by things that made you feel bad.
Let me help you. I am so sorry you feel bad. And then you say...
But you think that that's acceptable behavior, or like you're not going to do that anymore, right?
Or whatever the hell, how have you phrased it before?
You express the fact that the things that I do are the things that make you feel insecure and you imply that in order for you to feel good about yourself,
my behavior has to shift and change.
And then I go into defense mode.
Right. I think that's mostly in your head. I think that's in your head.
Okay. Well, it's been recorded. It's not in my head now. It's over a sound system and it's on tape.
We can rewind it. We can play it on the bus and let's talk about it.
Maybe it's when someone apologizes for certain behavior they assume that the other person is saying,
I'm sorry for this and I'll try to do something different.
But are you telling me that when you apologize for something you say, I'm sorry I dropped the vase.
I'm not going to try to not drop it anymore.
Yes, yes. Uncharismatic as it sounds because now we're not in a comedy mode.
So now the joke is gone. We're outside of it.
So just as when they bring Eminem on CNN and have him read his rap lyrics,
do you think this is appropriate? I'm not going to sound very charismatic when I say,
yes, I don't think it was that bad to do the joke of having a weird petty fantasy that's out of a hustler video.
I don't think it was either. I was just saying that I felt insecure.
You asked me how I felt.
And I said, I'm sorry that you feel insecure. And then you implied, then you went into that territory.
So you're going to change, right? And the answer is not in that specific context.
No, I don't think so.
I don't think I...
Well, then I was misunderstood or I misspoke.
I didn't mean to imply that I thought that you should do something differently in that way.
Well, Aaron's fault.
We will rewind it in the bus and we'll update people.
Spencer, I...
Oh, that Aaron. Oh, the Aaron and the other Aaron.
Aaron, A, A, R, O, A.
When you...
Oh, wow, yeah.
What's your name?
My name is Brad.
When Brad said it's all Aaron's fault, I was really just like, okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's okay.
What's amazing is the guy that Dan was pretend fantasizing about and trying to get a hard-on for,
his name was Aaron. I didn't even put that together.
Look, I...
I was...
This was my process backstage.
I heard that bit and I was like, God damn it.
And then I was like, look, Aaron, if you were doing a show and your bit was that you needed to get wet for somebody,
everyone would think it was stupid and gay and retarded, not gay homosexual.
And not retarded disabled.
And I'm thinking about...
She's gay.
She made retarded gay and gay retarded.
Yeah.
She said...
Just to clarify, I hate retarded people.
Take care, you guys.
But I...
It would be really stupid and not funny if I got up and in that bit said, oh, I'm imagining Dan Harmon.
Exactly.
And he said, yes, I agree.
I was only speaking to my insecurity.
I don't think that you should stop.
I was just speaking without a filter about how I feel.
And I said, I'm sorry.
Feelings are complicated.
No one told you not to express your feelings.
And then I said, I'm sorry.
Okay, so what did I do wrong?
So what did I do wrong?
Brad, what did I do wrong?
What is happening?
Please tell me what happened.
I think you need to stare at Aaron and do the same thing to Dan.
I think it's the only way to save it.
An eye for an eye?
Well...
Aaron, male Aaron said, or you can stare at my wife.
And oddly enough, that's when the show rounded a bend.
Okay.
All right.
No one wanted to do it.
Spencer, I take my flaming sword and attack the tension in the room.
Critical hit.
Interesting enough, this is a lot like...
Dan, for reals me, I wasn't telling you to stop doing that.
Okay, okay.
Well, good.
I'm sorry I misinterpreted it.
Then I'm very sorry I misinterpreted that because that is exactly the message I received.
And I love you.
And I would never do this with anyone.
I've never...
Critical hit.
Been in a relationship with this.
Reminding a corner.
I'm leaving the tension.
I critically hit the tension.
That's why I'm saying to her, I love you.
I don't want anything to ever hurt you.
I want to be with you forever.
I'm perfectly capable of saying that.
It's not...
Everything else is cosmetic, like weird behavioral adjustment that I don't cotton to, you know?
I love you too.
I'm perfect and sometimes I will feel bad.
Sometimes I'll feel bad about things and I'm just telling you how I feel about something
and I'm not giving you a note.
Okay.
You don't want to change me.
I don't want to change you.
There would be too many changes.
Hypothetically.
I mean, I don't.
I think you're perfect in your imperfection.
Okay.
So where's Gooskies at you guys?
Where do we go?
I love you very much.
I'm sorry.
You two should keep going.
Let's all just quietly sneak out and go to Gooskies.
Dan.
Dan, can I ask you something?
Yeah.
Can I move in with you after the tour?
Wow.
That hairpin.
A hairpin turn.
Do you think...
Can I answer that question with a question?
Do you think these are healthy circumstances under which to get a yes?
No, I just think they're good for the show.
Okay.
I wait for my sleep, Spencer.
And I walk into the hut where Sharpie and Mulrainee are talking and I enter the hut and
I go, oh boy, I had a really healthy night's sleep.
Holy moly, what did you guys do?
What did you talk about?
It was the upshot.
I don't want to go through a big thing.
What's the headlines?
We dreamt of a futuristic world where our voices were louder than they should be and
a chorus of angels watched us argue about things that only made sense in that world.
So welcome.
Cool sword.
Thank you.
Mike and Jen got this for me, isn't it?
Gorgeous.
Mike sculpted all this, all the foam on this.
He didn't just buy it this way, he sculpted it.
Why don't you fuck him?
And we're back.
The greatest adventure.
Oh, a reset.
All right.
We'll edit it out.
No, the fuck you will, that stays in, baby.
All of it stays in.
Do you think the director of the documentary is like...
He's backstage like the guy from the Highlander like...
He's having the opposite experience of the audience.
It's inversely proportionate.
They're like, oh my god, the babysitter is going to make $90 tonight and Neil's like...
For the power of Grayskull.
Oh man.
Has there ever been a podcast where a boyfriend and girlfriend got into it that much?
I don't listen to a lot of podcasts, that's pretty wild, right?
Let's not congratulate ourselves too much.
Let's take the time they gave us.
I was saying there's a reason why there isn't a lot of those.
I don't know.
Yeah, it's a ratings disaster.
I don't know if anybody's sadness or uncomfortability, but it's very fascinating to sit this close to that kind of conversation.
And the fact that you're so absolutely comfortable doing that with a lot of people.
There's 17 farmers in here and there's 200 people.
And you guys just bear your souls as if we're not even here.
Which makes me believe that you don't think we're here.
Which is the definition of sociopathic.
It's so narcissistic that you don't know I am sitting over here and going to the camera.
Can't we both join forces and fail to consider the entire world's feelings?
Wait, how about this then?
You guys just cast Ray of Frost on other people's knowledge of your existence.
I don't know what that means, it's a level zero spell.
I think it's fascinating that you guys are...
I'm not easily embarrassed.
I don't know that I could sit in front of this group of people and turn this into Sally Jesse Raphael.
Spencer, we're attacked by monogamy. Go.
Creeping into the room, you hear the dull monotonous thuds of your significant other.
You roll over and pretend you're not awake.
He's a goddamn genius. What kind of pressure do you think I'm under?
I have a better writer sitting next to me who's half my age.
I took him on this tour. I was inviting a homeless person to Thanksgiving.
I'm being a big charitable guy.
Let's take the Dungeon Master on the rock bus. He's a fucking genius.
I was supposed to be riding my Fox pilot. I fucking blew it.
I turned the CBS one in, but my career is dying back home.
And this guy is ascending to stardom.
You're empowering somebody, that's more important.
It is. That's why I'm a great person.
A lesser man would be really, really sabotaging you. You're a very threatening person.
I love you. God damn it.
What's that?
He's not from Alaska.
The last thing I'm going to do is go, why would you say that?
We just talked for 90 minutes about something where you could have asked that every 30 seconds.
Let's get back to the game and let's just bring this thing into the station on a dime.
A Pittsburgh steel dime.
You're on track to live in the belly of this fish for the rest of your life right now.
Right, it's an infinite fish. What did my mom say that nursery rhyme about the infinite fish?
It'll eat you.
She was right.
All right, so clearly these people, they couldn't get out of here for a reason.
Did they lack some sort of knowledge or tool that we have to get out of the infinite fish?
Maybe.
I approach the wall with the yellow pustules on it and examine those.
You examine the pustules. They seem to secrete a vicious odor, as well as light casting light into the room.
I take a throwing knife and stand back 12 paces and throw a throwing knife into one of the pustules and see what happens.
The pustule pops with a sickening burst, sickly fluid pours forth.
Well, he's doing that. I want to ask around to see if I can find the person that they acknowledge as being in charge, like their leader.
Yeah, you meet up with the person Quark was talking to.
That lady.
Okay.
The chieftain lady.
Yeah, how can I help you? You know, do you want a house?
There was a shop. Her friend owns a shop. Her friend Phil, right?
Yep. Phil the shopkeep.
I run down to Phil's shop.
Hey, I'm Phil. I sell stuff. I don't got much, but sometimes cargo vessels get ate and I sell them things.
Do you want any things? I got healing potions.
I got these syringes full of some sort of paralyzing goop.
Goods for calming down the monster, and we don't get cable down here, so it's fine.
It seems to me, Jeff, that what we need to do, and don't ask me where I got this idea, is we need to make this giant monster that we're inside puke.
Monster house, 2009.
Wait, I have smoke sticks. Should I light a bunch of my smoke sticks?
I can hit the fish's uvula with an arrow.
I say because the show is getting to the point where we're going long, that we buy all the good stuff that we need.
I'll buy those healing potions. Let's go shopping and let's embark on the adventure next time, probably, right?
Yeah, that sounds good.
I can part with some potions, 50 apiece. The syringes are going to run you 250.
I'll take the potions. You guys get the syringes.
You guys got a fair amount of money.
Syringes. Is there anything else?
Do you guys want any? I got a rope. I got a signed picture of Derek Jeter.
Holy shit, Derek Jeter?
Yeah, he's a great cleric of renown.
I'm a Pirates fan.
I'll take some rope.
You get 40 feet of rope. It only costs a meager amount of silver.
Basically, D&D, people came and brought us awesome swords and ray of frost thingies.
All we did was talk about relationships and go shopping.
Spencer, everybody!
Yay!
Erin McAfee.
Yeah. Thank you, everyone, for indulging that conversation. Sorry if it became weird.
Thank you, Spencer. Thank you, Erin.
Wow.
You're in for it.
One more time for the beautifully awkward relationship between Dan Harmon and Erin McAfee.
I'm going to start my own podcast called That Felt Terrible.
I think that's why Joel's not married. Remember when Joel came up?
Yeah. The well-lit Joel back there?
Joel escapes the hero of this whole story.
So, after all that, she walks on stage and you deify being a bachelor.
I'm an entertainer, Jeff. It's in my blood.
I go for the laugh.
I didn't get it, but I go for it.
As an entertainer, Dan, the burden is on you right now to tie this little package, whatever we did here tonight,
in the Hazelette Theater in Pittsburgh.
I think we really take advantage of these wireless mics.
Yeah. You can really walk around like, you know, use the space.
What are you doing for? You want to wrap this up in song right now?
Or do you want to go talk to people? What do you want to do?
No, no. Let's wrap it up and meet people at the same time with a beautiful song about everyone in this beautiful city.
Yeah.
It's a beautiful citadel of steel, rivets.
They're cold, but your hearts aren't.
I met a guy named Stephen today
and I said he was gay, but it's okay if you are in Harmontown.
You've made yourself hysterical.
This is the idea that that's entertainment.
It's funny to me. I guess that's pretty meta.
Oh, like your hat. What's your name?
Whoa.
Wow.
Harmontown.
Magical things happen in Harmontown.
What's your name?
Stephen again.
I fucked your mama nine times and ten
and the Steelers didn't go to the division of championships
because Harmontown and everything involved in football is stupid.
Everything's dumb because it's stupid to throw a ball when you don't have to hit anything with it.
It's all a bunch of shitty crap, but it's okay to enjoy it.
Every little Pittsburgh boy and girl went to Harmontown.
Beautiful theater.
I see a guy that looks like Tom Baker.
I see a guy with a check shirt maker.
This isn't working.
I'm not that talented.
Striped shirt.
Regular shirt.
Black shirt.
Scarf on a bra.
Sweat shirt bra.
Crooked cotton hat.
Oh, is that shake orvis?
Holy shit.
Hey buddy, how you doing?
I knew this guy when I was 19 years old in Milwaukee
when we did comedy sports together.
Holy shit.
Wow.
He's the son of my original mentor in Harmontown.
Who taught me how to be funny and obviously he failed.
He doesn't make that much money because his job was to make me able to do
what that one guy did with the Irish joke in Harmontown.
Wait, Harmontown, everybody sing Harmontown
where he is yellow and the poop is brown.
I play guitar on your mama's titties that ground round.
I put your mama on a sled in a kite and I flew her in the air and said,
I'll take a bite and I think I fit a chip of chocolate
because she's a cookie.
What a bitch.
She's a cookie to me.
I objectify women like that.
I'm so sorry.
I should compensate, tip my hat to all the ladies in the Harmontown.
I put your mama, but I love the ladies in Harmontown.
Harmontown.
Horrible, horrible stage.
Good call.
No, no, it's never going to work out.
Harmontown.
Uh-oh, just this.
It's got a stage that's just you reclining on people.
It's gonna work.
All right, okay.
All right, Daddy needs his medicine.
Harmontown.
Go to Joel.
Joel.
Joel is an usher and he leads people in and he sits in the shadows
and requires no sin.
He just watches other people take the spotlight but don't deserve it.
But tonight, Joel is the hero.
Say a word.
A word.
He's as free as a bird.
Joel's a white-shirted angel in Pittsburgh.
It's a city that makes all the cities.
And I sucked your mama's titties.
Harmontown.
Thank you all for coming to Harmontown tonight.
I just did this.
Thank you so much.
I deserve my time.
Suspension Clinton.
And McCarthy.
I think Jen, the beautiful artwork.
Are you into rap battle?
Joel, the usher.
Thank you so much, sir.
We're all going to Gorskies, right?
Gorskies?
We're all going to Gorskies.
If you bought anything, I'll sign anything.
It'll take hours, but whatever.
You guys were very patient.
We'll be right outside, you guys.
I fucking love Pittsburgh.
You guys are the best, you know.
Everybody else.
God bless you, Pittsburgh.
Stay Steel.
Thank you so much.